at 22 the boy lives a drama
full of pain
two years ago, lazaro suffered an accident
bike was hit on a highway
he lost one of his arms and still lives
without a movement of one of the legs
today in life is very bad today singer
Bahia are doing
I'm more at home, losing my year there.
I feel a hurt fun
the pains in the leg are strong lazaro
waiting for an amputation since the time
of the accident with a prosthesis he could
go back to walking
lead a normal life to mother help
doing what he can and even dropped the
job
It's been two years since he took
emergency hospital in goiânia na
attempt to do the procedure and
promises heard many promises because
every time Nasrallah is the same thing
but come home sad do not vote
cheerful day he goes to hospital that
whether or not he gets home and not
He wants to talk and he'll cry and
His hope is when he goes
mexico will give hope that it was not him
mother and son live in a house well
simple here in goianápolis looks lonely
only in the face of bureaucracy and delay
in the public health network
and in the attempt to bring happiness back
to the lazarus they went to a hospital
particular for those who know how to
dreamed surgery happens that
procedure is at least three thousand
Real can not afford to do
while they are obliged daily
to live with this difficulty
in the photo before the lazarus accident
appears smiling and much leaner without
able to walk or work in the
oranges in Goianapolis what he did
from small to 20 kilos
It's sad because my son worked for me.
helping at home and now my son does not
can work, I can not leave home
and to drop it he already fell neither of house
I went out to call and talk tomorrow, I
I fell well from home and I go home and I
I can not work I can not leave I
I depend on watching him stay with him like
my child at home how much of that help
this is not what helps me the operation
I'm sorry to vote to go back there and
to work
I can not stand lying in the
wheelchair the only thing I
I ask my son 's help is only thing.
What I ask is that you ask for my help .
son is from sweetheart november in
cry out for something else winner and see a
son cry and talk that wants to die
because there is no possibility but my
son operates and has lost hope of
operate